all right hey guys i'm going to show you
guys how to make origami flashes alright
so first you're going to fold eight by
eight grade 64 individual squares
alright so after that you're going to
find the middle and then these two times
right here you're going to press like
that and make to like lines again and
then you're going to kind of do this
kind of hard to explain but you just
shows up make four squares where we have
your four squares you take the short end
that and hold it down over to the Lions
make a line when the unfolds either
that's each side so so once you've done
that you're going to take one of the
fours I usually you should go start with
this one and you're going to do this
you're going to lift that up like that
kind of pull that make those creases
more from then you're going to do that
again over here then you're going to
repeat that until
the last one steadily and then you
repeat that on this side now when you're
done with that you're going to do it to
the other side except just kind of like
backwards so you're going to basically
do it just the exact same thing to the
other to repeat that on the other side
you have the flat version of the origami
flasher so then you're going to push
pull these up like that kind of form a
circle and they're going to want like
firm these pieces
and this is the hardest part by far I
usually do is I just push all these
sides together then stick my thumb in
the middle and then just kind of grab it
like that start twisting looks really
well then you just push all these sides
down on this and then I usually take
this like that that and I twist it just
tighten it up and then there you go and
you can also put a rubber band around it
like this then put it in water you get
it wet and then you dry it so it will
come together by itself it's like this
one does
yeah okay bye comment and subscribe